I've been influenced by so many people throughout my naval career. It's
not just one but several dozen who have give me leadership opportunities
who have provided feedback on how I'm treated, how I'm treating
my people, how I'm treating my career. But I think the the most influential
person would be some of the friends that I've had, uh, coming
through coming through a school and onward to my next ship. I have
one particular friend. Uh, he went through the whole entire, um,
to your school with me, and I went to the my first ship, USS John C.
Stennis, And you followed behind me because I was there and all of
the conversations that we had about what we're gonna do with our career
where we're gonna go afterwards. What school we're gonna go to.
You know, they were all influenced by bouncing off of each other. We
eventually, like, uh, both switched over the computer science. We
both eventually, like a even went to the same community college afterwards.
So I think, uh, he gave me some really influential words toe
work with while I was going through my naval career.